welcome to the man of recaps this is the
original Halloween on Halloween 15 years
ago young Michael Myers snuck into his
sister's room to scare her but he scared
her with a knife
multiple times oh he killed her why
would he do this well he is just pure
evil 15 years later in the present day
of 1978 dr. Loomis is going to see his
patient Michael at the mental asylum
this is his nurse assistant it's not her
Halloween costume that's just how she
dresses but when he goes to open the
gate Oh
Michael's already escaped and he's been
doing push-ups for 15 straight years so
he is super strong he steals the car and
Michael Myers is on the loose
now it's Halloween Jamie Lee Curtis goes
to the old Myers residence you can't go
in there it's haunted don't worry kid my
dad's a realtor I'm just leaving the key
under the mat but Mikey's inside he's
like who this girl stepping on my front
porch I think I'm gonna spend the rest
of the day stalking and killing her so
he follows her a bit standing creepily
in the distance and he is extremely
sneaky dr. Loomis and the sheriff check
out the old Myers house but he's not
there anymore he's out watching the
girls they're both babysitting tonight
cuz it's Halloween the parents trying to
get lit he checks out the friend first
cuz she's the naughty one gettin naked
in the kitchen for no reason Jamie Lee's
babysitting right across the street
she's like hey watch my kid for a bit
I'm gonna go hook up with my boyfriend
but when she gets in her car Oh Mikey in
the backseat strangling her out but
that's taken too long for him so he
grabs his knife slashed undid she had
invited this other couple to come over
too for a big Halloween sex party but
when they get to the house no one's home
well guess we'll just start this on our
own
oh but that Mikey wants to join in boom
out of a cabinet grabs the guy look how
many pushups I've done I'm so strong
takes his knife and stabbed all these
must have been a really long knife
because he's hanging off the ground he
chokes out the girl that's right kids
phones used to have cords Jamie Lee's
like well this is a weird prank call I'm
gonna go check it out and oh her friends
dead on the
and I'll he hung this guy in the closet
somehow wow Mikey's a real artist it's
time for the final kill but oh he whiffs
just cuts her sleeve
but that knocks her over the stairs okay
she falls she tries to leave the house
but she's forgotten how to unlock doors
from the inside so she runs to the
kitchen but Mikey's like boom I've done
like a billion push-ups but she manages
to escape gets across the street to the
other house she's like huh good thing
that I took up crocheting instead of
just playing phone games all night Mike
he's there to stab her but oh he misses
again what a loser she stabs him in the
net with the needle and she's like don't
worry kids I killed him but I don't know
he's fine he works out his neck muscles
too he punches his way into the closet
or maybe a wire hanger will help oh
right in the eyes he drops the knife she
she grabs that Oh stabbed in the gut she
contemplates making sure he's dead but
instead drops the knife easily within
his arm's reach and wouldn't you know it
Mike he's got abs of steel he's a sit-up
master so he's gonna strangle her for
real but dr. Loomis comes in with a gun
boom boom is he dead
no man I deflected it off my packs
deflect this you roided-out freak and
Mikey goes tumbling off the balcony boom
now he's definitely dead but wait what's
this
oh he's disappeared and she's like you
can't kill the boogey man and that's how
Halloween comes to an end
[Music]